##Guide to Jamendo Radio.

= Usage =

The popup lists the currently configured channels. To start, simply click the name.
When the radio is playing, the popup will display the playback controls Play/Pause, Stop, Next and a volume control. (Note, the volume control does not support sliding, only clicking!)

You can also allow the extension to integrate with www.jamendo.com, and make all play-buttons start the music within this extension.


= Configuration =

To add more channels, use the options page. If you enter the options, with no channels configured, three sample channels will be added. A channel has a name and a “subset” string, which acts as criteria for music.

When constructing the subset string use & (ampersand) to separate the key value pairs, and + (plus) to separate multiple values.

Three main keys are used for selecting music:
  * *tag_idstr* : Delimits tracks to the specified tag(s). <br>_Example: tag_idstr=rock, tag_idstr=classical+piano+calm_

  * *artist_idstr* : Delimits tracks to the specified artist(s). You can get the idstr of an artist by looking at the end of the url of a artist page on jamendo. <br>_Example: artist_idstr=psydom, artist_idstr=Dazie_Mae_(2)+Diablo_Swing_Orchestra_(2)_

  * *album_id*: Delimits track to the specified album(s). You can get the album id by looking at the end of the url of an album page on jamendo. <br>_Example: album_id=29114+29279+888+2007+53704_

_*Note:* These keys does not combine well. Combinations are mostly intended for ordering (like weekly/monthly/overall popularity/ratings/reviews etc.). The key name here is "order"._ See the [http://developer.jamendo.com/en/wiki/Musiclist2Api Jamendo API documentation] for more information about ordering.

== Say what? ==
So lets say you find an album that you want to add to a channel. E.g. 
http://www.jamendo.com/en/album/55571

See the last five digits?
In the options, the subset string for “Piano” looks like this:
“album_id=29114+29279+888+2007+53704″

To include the newly found album in this selection set, I add the digits to the end of the subset string, separating it with a “+”. (For copy paste:
“album_id=29114+29279+888+2007+53704+55571″).

To add a new station, click add. Enter a name, i.e “Relaxing”. Then enter as subset string: “tag_idstr=relaxing+calm&order=ratingweek”.